Hey everyone! Big thanks to Google Assistant for this paid partnership. Now, let's get ready to watch our video.
Turn off the lights.
Cool.
Thanks Lauren, for coming back-to-school shopping with me.
Oh, no problem.
I wanted to make sure my little cousin's all set, and I had to get stuff from my office anyway, so.
Oh, my gosh, that's so funny. We're like doing the same thing!
I'm going back to school and you're going back to work.
Huh-huh. I guess.
Except those two are very different.
Really? How so?
Well, see how you're getting like ten different colored pens?
Well, yeah. These gels are for three super cute DIY planners I'm making from this YouTube Video I saw,
and I need multi-color highlighters so my notes can look pretty.
Yeah, this is all I'm getting.
No DIY planner?
Well... what else is different?
*Gasp*
Tomorrow's the first day of school.
I can't sleep!
How is it Monday already?
*groan*
Okay Google.
Wake me up at 7:34 am.
'OK, your alarm is set for tomorrow at 7:34 am.'
*Crickets chirping and Lauren snoring*
*Alarm goes off*
Let's do this!
Oh no no no no no no no no...
*upbeat music*
*coffee machine*
Okay Google.
How long will it take me to get to work?
'With heavy traffic it will take you 1 hour and 32 minutes to drive to work.'
*upbeat music*
Oh my gosh, guys. We need to take a first day of school selfie.
*They agree*
Okay Google. Take a selfie.
Hey Phyllis.
Hey Bruce.
How was your weekend?
Fine.
What'd you do?
Stuff.
*Elevator bell*
I did stuff too.
OMG Vicki, I love your outfit.
Oh, thanks. I just got a whole new back-to-school wardrobe. Wait.
Do you wanna see pics? Or do you want to wait and be surprised?
Pics.
What—wait—no—surprise me.
No.
Pics.
Come on.
*Printer sounds*
Hey Lauren!
Uh, is that a new cardigan? It's nice.
Uh, nope.
Been wearing it for three years.
*Moment get extremely Awkward*
Hey! Can I try some of your pizza?
Well I would let you, but I have crust issues.
*Laughter*
I hate you guys.
You are the worst.
Tell me a joke.
This might make you laugh:
Whoever invented knock-knock jokes should get a "no bell" prize.
*chuckle*
Hate to break it to you, cuz'.
All this excitement that you feel?
Gotta enjoy it while it lasts.
Why does it have to end?
What does this feeling of passion and motivation have to slowly disappear?
You're too young to understand.
Well, if getting older means understanding more,
wouldn't you understand that it's even more important to be excited about life as you get older?
*Upbeat music*
*Elevator bell*
Pizza! (slow motion)
*Upbeat music*
Yahh! Back to work!
God. That was exhausting.
*Elevator bell*
God, I hate Mondays.
PIZZAAAAAAA. Pizza.
Hey, are you actually traumatized from the pizza now?
Pizza!!
**Phil laughs**
You guys have graduated!
Friends: YAY!
**Phil laughs**
Pens. PENS!
Whoa. Boop boop boop boop.
**Phil laughs**
God I hate Mondays.
Just call them Migrane Mondays.
What?
All right, we know going back to work isn't always that bad. And going back to school is definitely not always that fun.
But either way,
thanks again to Google Assistant.
Let us know in the comments below if you think going back to work is better or going back to school is better.
Be sure to subscribe for more shorts and sketches like this.
Check out our store to get cool merchandise so you can support our channel that way, and we'll see you guys next time.
Bye!